docs: inspector component details for configuration feature (#9458)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/Configurable.md

    </AppBar>
);
```

## `<Inspector>`

> The `<Inspector>` component exists within the layouts provided by react-admin. If you are using a custom layout then you should add the `<Inspector>` component within your layout 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<Inspector>` is already included in the layouts provided by react-admin. If you are using a custom layout, you need to add the `<Inspector>` component to your layout.
```

{% raw %}
```jsx
// in src/MyLayout.js
import * as React from 'react';
import { Box } from '@mui/material';

> import { AppBar, Menu, Sidebar, InspectorButton } from 'react-admin';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { AppBar, Menu, Sidebar, Inspector } from 'react-admin';
```

const MyLayout = ({ children, dashboard }) => (
    <Box 
        display="flex"
        flexDirection="column"
        zIndex={1}
        minHeight="100vh"
        backgroundColor="theme.palette.background.default"
        position="relative"
    >
        <Box
            display="flex"
            flexDirection="column"
            overflowX="auto"
        >
            <AppBar />
            <Box display="flex" flexGrow={1}>
                <Sidebar>
                    <Menu hasDashboard={!!dashboard} />
                </Sidebar>
                <Box
                    display="flex"
                    flexDirection="column"
                    flexGrow={2}
                    p={3}
                    marginTop="4em"
                    paddingLeft={5}
                >
                    {children}
                </Box>
            </Box>
        </Box>

>         <InspectorButton />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <Inspector />
```
